Welcome to Section 2 of the complete web developer course now that you're all set up with your text
editor and browser we're going to be cracking straight on with HVM L which is the basic language of
every web site.
I'll show you the structure of a basic DML page and we'll look at some of the key elements that make
up a web site such as headers paragraphs text forms tables and a lot more.
At the end of the section you'll be making a real web site as a challenge and also at the end of every
video you'll find the code that you need and a coding challenge as well which gives you an opportunity
to practice what you've learnt in that video and get instant feedback from our coding exercises system
at the same time.
I'd encourage you to download a copy of my book How to end $10000 while learning to code which comes
with the course and just start reading the opening chapters and start thinking about how you're going
to put the skills that you're learning into action.
Enjoy the section and I'll see you at the beginning of section 3.